Apply for Lead Machine Learning Engineer  Search JobsSkip navigationSearch
JobsNIKE, INC. JOBSContract JobsJoin The Talent CommunityLife @
NikeOverviewBenefitsBrandsOverviewJordanConverseTeamsOverviewAdministrative
SupportAdvanced InnovationAir Manufacturing
InnovationAviationCommunicationsCustomer ServiceDesignDigitalFacilitiesFinance &
AccountingGovernment & Public AffairsHuman ResourcesInsights &
AnalyticsLegalManufacturing &
EngineeringMarketingMerchandisingPlanningPrivacyProcurementProduct Creation,
Development & ManagementRetail CorporateRetail StoresSalesSocial & Community
ImpactSports MarketingStrategic PlanningSupply Chain, Distribution &
LogisticsSustainabilityTechnologyLocationsOverviewNike WHQNike New York HQEHQ:
Hilversum, The NetherlandsELC: Laakdal, BelgiumGreater China HQDiversity, Equity
& InclusionOverviewMilitary InclusionDisability InclusionIndigenous
InclusionInternshipsData & AnalyticsLead Machine Learning EngineerBeaverton,
OregonBecome a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the
world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries
and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can
grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and
rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At
NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging
and constantly evolving game.Open to remote work except in South Dakota, Vermont
and West Virginia.The annual base salary for this position ranges from
$119,400.00 in our lowest geographic market to $267,500.00 in our highest
geographic market. Actual salary will vary based on a candidate's location,
qualifications, skills and experience.Information about benefits can be found
here. WHO ARE WE LOOKING FORAs a Lead Machine Learning Engineer within the Data
& Artificial Intelligence (D&AI) organization, you will be developing
sophisticated analytics systems that directly impact our business. You will get
a chance to work on a cross-disciplinary team (DevOps/Data/Software Engineering)
to enable data-driven decision-making across multiple projects. Being at this
level you will be expected to own projects end-to-end, from conception to
operationalization, demonstrating an understanding of the full software
development lifecycle.  As a result, you will be expected to provide technical
vision and guidance to your teammates; therefore, strong communication skills
are critical in this role.WHAT WILL YOU WORK ONWorking at the intersection of
machine learning and software engineering, you'll create high-quality solutions
that power Nike. Our AI/ML team is a collaborative and academic environment that
promotes intellectual curiosity, diversity, and a drive to deliver knowledge and
software back to the analytics and engineering communities. We're a global
organization with teammates in various time zones, working to solve machine
learning problems at scale.As a member of our team, you'll design and implement
scalable applications that leverage prediction models and optimization programs
to deliver data-driven decisions with immense business impact. You'll contribute
to core advanced analytics and machine learning platforms and tools, and thrive
in an environment where talented colleagues share knowledge and skills.We value
and nurture our culture by seeking to always be collaborative, curious, fun,
open, and diverse. If you're passionate about learning, contributing to the
analytics and engineering communities, and working in a dynamic environment,
we'd love to hear from you.WHO WILL YOU WORK WITHIn this role, you’ll be working
closely with the rest of our global team, along with commercial and consumer
analytics, and enterprise architecture teams.WHAT YOU BRINGBachelor’s degree in
computer science or a related field.5+ years of professional experience in
machine learning or a related field, with a strong foundation in software
development and technical leadership.Expert-level understanding of machine
learning concepts, applications, and the lifecycle of an ML application in
production, including the role of MLOps in the development lifecycle.Proven
track record of delivering high-impact machine learning solutions, with a strong
focus on scalability, reliability, and maintainability.Technical leadership
skills, with experience in mentoring junior engineers and guiding technical
decisions.Proficiency in writing clean, maintainable, and scalable code in
Python, with a strong emphasis on software engineering best practices.Knowledge
and hands-on experience with advanced machine learning techniques, such as deep
learning, recommender systems & natural language processing.In-depth knowledge
of computer science fundamentals, including data structures, algorithms, data
modeling, and software architectures.Excellent communication skills, with the
ability to effectively collaborate with team members, stakeholders, and
communicate technical ideas through code, documentation, and
presentations.Experience with technologies such as PyTorch, Spark, Docker,
Jenkins, Airflow, and Databricks, with a strong understanding of their
applications and limitations.Strong familiarity with MLOps and API development
principles, with experience in designing and implementing scalable machine
learning pipelines.Experience with cloud architecture and technologies,
particularly Amazon Web Services.Nice to Have:Master’s degree in computer
science or a related field.Experience with leading machine learning teams and
guiding technical strategy.Experience with data engineering concepts, including
data sets, ETL pipelines, SQL, and data warehousing.Understanding of agile
development methodologies and test-driven development paradigms, with experience
in implementing these practices in a team setting.Experience or interest in
exploring the potential of Generative AI to accelerate development or deploying
GenAI solutions in an enterprise setting.We are committed to fostering a diverse
and inclusive environment for all employees and job applicants. We offer a
number of accommodations to complete our interview process including screen
readers, sign language interpreters, accessible and single location for in-
person interviews, closed captioning, and other reasonable modifications as
needed. If you discover, as you navigate our application process, that you need
assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please complete the
Candidate Accommodation Request Form.NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks
for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package,
casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric
atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role,
every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and
innovation to every athlete* in the world.NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a
diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation,
gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.How We HireAt
NIKE, Inc. we promise to provide a premium, inclusive, compelling and authentic
candidate experience. Delivering on this promise means we allow you to be at
your best — and to do that, you need to understand how the hiring process works.
Transparency is key.    * This overview explains our hiring process for
corporate roles. Note there may be different hiring steps involved for non-
corporate roles.Start nowBenefitsWhether it’s transportation or financial
health, we continually invest in our employees to help them achieve greatness —
inside and outside of work. All who work here should be able to realize their
full potential.Employee Assistance ProgramEmployee Stock Purchase Plan
(ESPP)HolidaysMedical PlanPaid Time Off (PTO)Product DiscountsSabbaticalsLearn
moreFIND A STOREBECOME A MEMBERSIGN UP FOR EMAILSEND US FEEDBACKSTUDENT
DISCOUNTSGET HELPGET HELPOrder StatusDeliveryReturnsPayment OptionsContact Us On
Nike.com InquiriesContact Us On All Other InquiriesABOUT NIKEABOUT
NIKENewsCareersInvestorsSustainabilityIndia© 2025 Nike, Inc. All Rights
ReservedGuidesNike AdaptNike Air MaxNike FlyleatherNike PegasusNike Zoom FlyNike
AirNike FlyEaseNike FreeNike ReactNike ZoomXNike Air Force 1Nike FlyknitNike
JoyrideNike VaporflyTerms of SaleTerms of UseNike Privacy Policy